>> Jon Kuperman: All right,
welcome everybody to this
Intro to Accessibility course.
I'm very excited to be here.
This is one of my favorite passion
topics and I love sharing it and
talking about it.
So yeah, just a little quick bit about me.
My name is Jon Kuperman.
I work at Bloomberg,
working on their financial browser,
building a bunch of dev tools and
internal infrastructure.
I also sit on TC39, which is the standards
body behind the JavaScript language.
I'm a co convener of
the Source Maps specification and
been working more and
more lately on the TC39 signals proposal.
So, yeah, this is an introduction
to accessibility course for
those who have taken my other courses.
This one follows largely
the same structure, but
it differs a little bit in that we will
focus more on putting ourselves in
the shoes of the consumer
of web applications.
So we'll still be writing some code and
doing exercises together.
But we'll largely be focusing on
understanding what the accessibility wins
do for us as we try using inaccessible
websites and then accessible websites and
kind of comparing that
experience as users.
So yeah, so a little overview
of this course just so you know,
kind of what you're in store for today.
We'll start with kind of more definition.
So what is accessibility?
What is it not?
There's quite a few similar or
related fields with a lot of overlap, but
we'll kind of focus in on what
we're going to be working on today.
We'll talk about the legal requirements,
especially for websites.
This is like an ever changing landscape,
but
it is, I think accessibility is
becoming more and more important.
As it becomes more obvious that a lot
of countries are starting to enforce
laws around making sure that
websites are accessible.
We'll talk about all sorts of assistive
technologies, so all the different cool
ways people browse the web and
what that means for us as developers.
We will dive into screen readers,
which are kind of a fundamental
assistive technology.
So we'll kind of install them and
we'll start using them on
these demo websites and kind of
comparing what the experience is for
an inaccessible website
versus an accessible one.
We'll talk about the actual
standards behind accessibility.
So there's various groups under
the W3C working on this stuff and
sort of what they say and
what it means to be compliant and
what it means to have levels of
conformance, things like that.
We'll do a pretty good
focus on semantic HTML.
It's one of my favorites because it's
quite easy on a technical level to just
change the markup that you have for an
existing website, but it can make a very
profound difference for people using
the website with assistive tech.
We'll dive into probably the most
technical bit which will be focus
management.
So thinking about people using your
website, maybe keyboard only and
all the different cool tricks you can do
to make it easier to use as well as things
that can make it more difficult to use.
Yeah, we'll cover a bunch of great
accessibility tricks like skip links and
tab trapping and
things that a lot of these big websites
do to make their websites easier to use.
We'll kind of round up with color and
contrast,
talking about the kind of design of
your website and the colors you pick.
And then we'll end with a bunch of kind
of future looking things, tools and
testing like ways you can analyze your
website right now, tools that you can add.
Whether they're like authoring tools to
your framework or whether they're linting
tools or whether they're audits in CI/CD,
all sorts of things like that.
And then we'll kind of wrap up from there.
So yeah, that's a kind of
high level outline of today.
So yes, accessibility,
I guess one note is that it is
interchangeably called Ally or A11Y.
That's one of these things like if you've
seen internationalization becomes I18N
because there's 18 letters in between.
Accessibility has a similar thing
where there's the A and the Y and
then there's 11 letters in between.
So throughout this course we'll kind of
refer to it as any of those three things.
They're all the same thing,
just kind of an abbreviated way.